  Case name: life cycle of product
  Scope: Transport Delivery system
  
  Level: Subfunction
  
  Primary Actor: Product manager ( one who scan products)
  
  Stakeholders and interests :  
  Manager: wants to know how many products came in when does the came in and need to be scanned into a database for the record and which vehicle will have these products ( according to its route).
   driver: how many products are in his vehicle and what is his route and are there any delicate products need to be handled properly company : what type of products they are having and how efficiently they are delivering it(how many rounds to the same place).
   Customer: when will they receive there package and when to expect there product and to call person if change in product destination on client is not at location of delivery 
  
  Preconditions:
  Product manager and driver is identified and authenticated 
  
  Success guarantee: product is scanned and stacked all products of same delivery location and area together. 
  If there will be charges for it or not. Product delivered to customer on time in right condition and delivery is recorded on system
  
  Main Success Scenario: 
   1. product id is selected and searched in the warehouse.
   2 product(or products ) are packed with right label and address.
   3 product is scanned from the warehouse and loaded in the vehicle .
   4 product reach destination either(client or another warehouse to shipped to next location)
   5 step 1-4 is repeated until the product reaches the customer and its recorded on the system making cycle complete.
   
   Extensions: ( you can create more alternative flow using these 6 and can add more )
   Alternative flow: product quantity in a database was not right ( might be because it might be broken). and because of it, that product is not in the warehouse. so have to transfer order to different warehouse location.
   2 Scanning document not working properly
   3 address on product is noted wrong 
   4 wrong product is loaded in wrong vehicle ( now its traveling to different location)
   5 product is misplaced in way of transportation.
   6 vehicle broke (causing delay in  delivery process)
   in any of these cases, you have to start the process from begging or it happens in between of delivery process then have to follow main success scenario process from the last warehouse where any of these incidents happened until the product reaches the client .
   
   
   
   
   Special Requirement: Real-time tracking system for all drivers to tell estimate time of product delivery and any change in delivery schedule 
   Good and easy to use scanners for products (touch screen preferably)
   Robust system so that we don't lose product information ( shipped or left in warehouse or if out for delivery or delivered ) in case of system failure 
   
   Technology and Data Variations List:
   
   Frequency of Occurrence: Could be nearly continuous
   
   Miscellaneous: if the product is shipped internationally border clearance can take time. Sometimes some product can be illegal in being shipped countries.
